Q1I was looking actively for jobs and found it while searching jobs on LinkedIn.
That's how I first saw this vacancy in your company.
Q2WHY DO YOU WANT THIS JOB
-------
understanding user need ,developing software sol,monitoring performance and modifying
programs as needed
i also see an opportunity to learn and grow these skills.Also, in this career
you have to keep yourself updated about the new softwares and this job
gives you the
opportunity to learn new business as well as technology

Q3WHY SHIULD WE HIRE YOU
-------
As, I have just started my career, I may not have
practical experience and achievements,
but I really want to practically explore and experience my
potential by delivering the best services to the company. It will be my
honor to work with you and this organization. I may not be the best fit for the job
in terms of experience but as for qualifications,
I do have an outstanding command on
programming languages
such as python, java, HTML, CSS and Javascript, etc.
I'm good at networking,
analytical and problem solving skills. Also, I have practical experience in
many Operating Systems.
Moreover, I am great with details and I strive for accuracy in my work.
I like talking to people and people often tell me I help them find what
they are looking for. Also, I’m an upbeat presence to have around, I assure you,
I am going to bring a motivated attitude every day.

Q4WHAT ARE YOUR GREATEST STRENTGHS
---------
on every project assigned in university which i think would be beneficial for me
in future or for improving my skills i used to just ingross my  self into it and work
day and night on it and would cease going to any gatherings unless imp
there are times you have to put long hours
and skip your breaks in order to deal with
an unexpected situation especially for improving
my skills i dont mind working late
or for long hours so i think this is the best thing that helps me in my work

Q5 FIVVE  YEARS
---------
Time proven it's impossible to predict my future as a
computer programmer. In 5 years
I want to be happier than today contributing by using
all the skills I will gain during
the next 5 years. "Maybe Slaving away for the company
at the same position for a
minuscule raise, if I'm lucky." 
After 5 years, I believe anything can happen because it all depends
on the choices you take. And since I want to pursue a career

in software engineering, I will be having
different certifications -
a tangible proof in knowing something. For sure,
I have learned different programming languages by that time.
Maybe at that time also,
I will be taking my Master's degree
in order to gain more knowledge.
Overall, after 5
years, I will be an individual with
improved skills,
good career growth and
a good leader wherein I can share my knowledge with others.

Q6 PRESSUREE
------
Honestly, I react to situations, rather than to stress. That way, the situation is
handled and doesn't become stressful.
Also, Prioritizing my responsibilities so I
have a clear idea of what needs to be done when 
has helped me effectively manage
pressure previously. However, I find that when I'm under the pressure of a deadline,
I can do some of my most creative work.
I'm not a person who has a difficult time with
stress. When I'm under pressure, I focus,
and get the job done.
I've done some of my
best work under tight deadlines,
where the atmosphere was stressful.

Q7 teamwork or individual

Q8 EDUCATION
-----------
developing skills in programs ,wed and mobile applications and cloud
based software asisted by technologies and many languages that i have learned
documenting and demonstrating solutions by developing flowcharts ,diagrams
,documentation ,comments all aare part of the education and which are the
main things for this career





what makes you frustrated about the people
you have hired previously
for this position?
yeah i would say i believe that i will fill that gap for sure
























